Good morning, family!
How are you all doing?
It's evening here now, but I always say good morning because it's morning somewhere.
I always come here to this campus because of what the Lord has shown me, and these praying hands when I drive by mean so much to me.
The motto of the school is 'Make no little plans here.
' This is the ORU campus, by the way.
I was driving by tonight and the Holy Spirit was stirring in me so strongly about the revival that's about to take place at this campus.
It's just what faith will build, what faith will do when you use your faith like a muscle.
It's important, y'all.
I drive by this because it inspires me to think big.
This is what Oral Roberts believed God for.
Every day I try to drive around here at least once to inspire myself.
The towers over there where the hospital was—I know they've sold that recently—but just the Mabee Center, because the Lord showed me there will be a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord in that big coliseum once again.
The old wells of revival are coming uncapped.
I come and I look at the Prayer Tower—can you see the Prayer Tower right there?
That's where they pray, and I just thought it's exciting because some of the greatest ministers of any generation—I mean, from Kathryn Kuhlman to Benny Hinn to all the greats that have come through here and had healing services and deliverance services—look at what God did at one point through this right here and what an amazing thing he's going to do again.
I showed you Victory, and I'm just excited because expectation brings manifestation.
It has nothing to do with me; it's just something that I pray over because I know that God is going to visit the young generation again with one last call, one last harvest, a major harvest of souls like we've never seen before.
The glory of the Lord with fire...
I believe that there will be signs and wonders in the last days like with Azusa Street when there was a pillar of fire shown over Azusa Street.
I'm believing there will be a pillar of fire over this Mabee Center and a pillar of fire over this ORU campus, and that there will be a greater revival than even what happened at Asbury.
That revival kind of fizzled out, but my goodness, I know that we're on the cusp of something huge about to take place in this Tulsa metroplex area and that God is about to do something huge in these last days.
Diana is with me now, and we made it where the green screen would be at the hands.
It was so cold I had to get out of being outside.
I told her I can't make this video at the campus; I was freezing, the wind was blowing so hard, and it was cold.
I told Brandon, 'Are you cold?
' and he goes, 'Yeah,' so we left.
We have such an urgency as we make the rest of this video for you.
The things the Lord has been putting on our hearts—He said, 'Brandon, people are not awake yet.
There's no sense of urgency even in the upper leadership.
' They have a form of urgency, but deep down in their hearts, there's not a stirring.
People say, 'Well, you're judging people.
' No, I'm not judging people; I'm just saying what He says.
I have no idea what you feel, but I know what the Holy Spirit has told me.
If you don't agree with it, take it up with Him.
All I can say is what He's told me and what we pray about.
The Lord said, 'I'm going to bring a greater shaking to awaken beyond anybody's comprehension of what's about to happen.
' Folks, I'm telling you, a major shaking.
People say that sounds like fear.
Diana and I were talking about how people say we are fear-mongers, or that our channel has grown because we preach fear and fear sells.
But folks, it's not fear; it's an awakening unto God.
If you're in fear, it's because you're not awake.
Your heart should be looking vertical with Him, and that shouldn't scare you when He says these things are going to happen because we're dead to self.
We are looking for the coming of the Lord Jesus Christ.
He told me, 'Brandon, there's no urgency in my body.
' Do you really realize He is on His way?
Do you really realize that this is the last call for the greatest harvest of souls this world has ever seen?
As we sit on the ORU campus with these hands behind us, they mean something: prayer changes things.
Somebody used their faith to get those hands there.
That campus and the Mabee Center cost millions of dollars; it was Oral Roberts' faith that brought that forth, using his faith as a tool to build the university for God.
He gave all the glory to God, taking healing to the nations and raising up doctors.
But the Lord said, 'Brandon, there's one more wave.
' Those old wells that had been capped, the Lord said, 'I capped them, and I'm uncapping those wells.
' As you saw that church, Victory, He said Victory and ORU will be an extension of each other in the days ahead, and you will see a major outpouring of the Spirit of the Lord greater than even Asbury.
That was nothing compared to what's about to happen with that Mabee Center and all throughout Tulsa.
Victory Church across the street holds probably 10,000 in its auditorium—it's a massive one—and then they have the Mabee Center, which is a little over 10,000 seats.
So you have a 15,000-seat capacity between the two.
They could do a simulcast and have an overflow.
It doesn't matter; when the glory is there, it's about a radical move of the Spirit of God one last time.
Now I see it.
Do you remember I told you He was going to use the angels?
He told me, 'Brandon, I'm sending my reserves, my angel army reserves.
' There's going to be two angels per person, no matter how many demonic spirits there are on the earth.
Greater is He that is in you than he that is in the world.
I was listening to Sister Billy talk about old stories and how John G.
Lake would put a beautiful white suit on every day because he saw himself as a carrier of the glory.
He saw himself as someone who carried God to the nations.
There were over 100,000 documented miracles through his ministry.
He got radically on fire going to Azusa.
There is a cross-pollination with the glory; as you are on fire, you light somebody else on fire.
It's not just about the churches, folks, but God told me specifically that He was going to do something huge on the ORU campus, that there would be a major healing revival coming forth with the young people there.
That's why I go and pray and drive around Lewis Avenue, just praying in the Spirit.
I'm hungry, I'm desperate, and I want change.
I am so tired of having church that's just normal.
The Lord said, 'There's no urgency in my churches, for the coming of my Son is at hand.
' Many believe it's far off, but I'm trying to tell you, just like Paul Revere riding in the midnight hour, that Jesus is coming.
He's shaking me to awaken me every day.
I wake up with an urgency to tell you there's a storm coming.
I'm here to tell you there's a heaven to gain and a hell to shun.
I'm trying to shake you until your teeth rattle: Jesus is coming!
When I went to the Tribulation with Him and He took me out of my body, Jesus told me there would be one major push, a major revival that does not last that long—a glorious church that will rise up like Tommy Hicks' vision.
You can Google 'Tommy Hicks vision.
' The body will move like a mighty giant.
The Lord said to me, 'Brandon, it's not about the charismatics or non-denominational; I'm going to pour out my Spirit upon all flesh.
' It's going to be a denominational barrier-buster.
The Lord is bringing these walls down.
We will move as a body.
In World War II, the men were at war and the women helped in the factories to support them.
In the body of Christ, we're a family.
It's about taking down religious walls and knowing it's one for all, like the Three Musketeers.
It's about getting the lost saved.
We all have the same cause: to reach the lost for Jesus.
Let's join together regardless of what our beliefs are.
Does the fact that I believe in the gifts make me better than you?
No, it just makes me hungry.
The devil has divided us.
Just like racial issues—skin shouldn't matter; we're brothers and sisters.
It's time to put away petty differences and rise up as a body.
You may be the hand and I might be the foot, but we work together.
Even the parts that are not seen are sometimes the most vital.
I have such hunger and anticipation.
He told me, 'Brandon, I'm going to shake this world like it's never been shaken before.
' You're about to see earthquakes, volcanoes, and signs in the heavens.
It's going to shake the ones pretending to be awake.
He said His remnant doesn't even have an urgency.
The ones standing in the way will be removed, and He will bring up the ones who are hungry and desperate.
The ones with a religious nose to the sky will either go to the graveside or be removed.
He's looking for a yielded 'yes.
' We came across this prophecy Sister Billy was talking about from Brother Kenneth E.
Hagin.
He gave this word back in 1983, and it goes alongside what I'm telling you.
Tapping into the Spirit realm will be like taking a breath.
Holy Ghost rivers are coming like a mighty rushing wind.
Diana reads much better than me, so I asked her to read this.
It's from 1983.
In this move, you have not seen the revival of divine healing that you're about to see.
You saw those I raised up as a pilot program, but many just lifted them up in pride and the anointing left them.
Some became money-minded and lost the anointing.
But there will arise a brand-new breed; they'll not be greedy of filthy lucre.
They won't want to attract attention to themselves.
God will use laymen, and there'll be a revival of divine healing such as you have not seen.
The supernatural will not only be in casting out devils and healing, but in the seen realm.
Men will see the glory of God; a cloud will hang over congregations for days.
Sinner and saint alike will wonder what it is.
There will be the fire of the Spirit in manifestation.
People will see fire on top of buildings.
The Lord will use signs of His presence to bring people into full salvation.
The glory of God will fall, and people will even be transported like Philip was.
The Lord is the same God today; He can make the iron axe-head float and feed 5,000 with a boy's lunch.
Many shall be astonished, but the greatest miracle is that so many fish will be caught in the net that the nets can't hold them.
The Lord said, 'Brandon, it's time to get a bigger net.
' There won't be church houses enough to hold the people.
Quit fishing in your bathtub; go out where the fish are and throw out the net.
Many of you will stand in a place of ministry ordained from the foundation of the earth.
If it could be told in human vernacular, it would almost blow your mind.
That was in 1983, so it's not a little ways off anymore; we're there.
The manifestation of the Spirit shall be to full potential.
Let me give you further wise advice: don't try to do it yourself.
Just learn to relax and flow with the Spirit.
You'll not come into the full potential tomorrow or next week, but as you're faithful and learn to yield, you'll move into that place.
Moving into that place is fueled by prayer, fired by the Spirit, and ignited with His glory.
If there's no fuel, there's nothing to fire.
It's like a furnace; the pilot light fires it, and then the whole thing becomes ignited.
It's the prayer.
That's what brought Azusa; they were in that little house praying and then the earthquake happened.
This is part two of the prophetic word.
I feel it's important to keep going over these nuggets from the archives.
They were given 40 years ago, and it's time for them to manifest.
You're on the verge of the greatest move this world has ever seen.
If you give more earnest heed to what you've heard about the Holy Spirit and angels, for Joel prophesied that in the last days God would pour out His Spirit upon all flesh.
Young men and women will prophesy.
The work God intended shall be accomplished, and things must be speeded up.
You'll learn faster and mature overnight.
Some who have let these things slip shall be restored tonight.
The glory of God shall rest upon thee.
It will seem as though the building is filled with smoke.
The noise of praise and adoration shall be noised abroad.
The Lord shall be a manifestation in all ways He has ever manifested, plus the multiplying of His power in these days as men grow more wicked.
The glory shall flow like a mighty river.
Millions will be swept into it.
Men will walk into a place of business and people will fall on their knees because of the glory.
It will be very difficult for you to believe what shall shortly come to pass.
But as you walk with the Lord, your heart shall be prepared until you flow into the supernatural as naturally as a bird flies through the air or a fish swims in the water.
You'll flow in the supernatural as naturally as you breathe the air.
You'll not be conscious of your faith, but rather the flow of the Spirit.
The Lord told me walking in the supernatural will be like taking a breath; it will be effortless.
Brother Hagin said it in 1983 when I was in diapers.
God doesn't change His mind.
He said it to the prophet back then, and He's saying it to the watchman now.
It's going to be like a light switch.
Is there an urgency in you?
You shall walk, run, and fly spiritually speaking.
That deserves a Hallelujah!
I'm going to sing in the middle of a storm.
The Lord said there's not enough urgency in His body.
Jesus is standing at the door with His hand on the doorknob, waiting on His Father's instructions.
The Rapture of the church is at hand.
I saw a vast field of wheat that was ripe and bending over.
The Lord showed me glory stacks of farm equipment in a barn to bring in the harvest.
My church does not have enough urgency behind the pulpits.
Even the people you look up to on YouTube—He said there's not enough urgency even in them.
He said they're focused on money and financial gains.
The financial outpouring is to bring in the harvest with the net.
It's a blessing, but the basis is to bring in the harvest so that none should perish.
Just as a groom brings gifts for the bride in Jewish tradition, He's bringing these gifts.
Keep your eyes vertical, not horizontal.
All the wealth will be left here anyway.
Seek Him, not His hand.
You're only going to have that financial outpouring for a short time before the Rapture.
It's just a transfer to fund the Gospel so we're not hindered.
It's not time to buy a yacht or a Ferrari; it's about a transfer to go out of here like a rocket ship.
The people in the Tribulation are going to need it.
I've been there; I've seen it with Jesus—no food, no water.
Two or three nights ago, the Lord showed me the black horse and the pale horse riding together.
I saw the drought of weather manipulation.
They are going to lose control of it.
I saw mighty shakings coming with the weather because man is playing with something they don't understand.
I saw drought coming for population control.
The black horse will ride through Africa, Europe, and the Middle East.
It left a black trail in the atmosphere.
There will be plagues and pestilences.
I saw peace and safety followed by sudden destruction.
I saw escalation with Putin.
The Lord told me not to say some things because they are designed to shake and awaken.
75% of people watching may not have the urgency, but the 25 percenters sense something is coming.
Others want to ignore it and call it fear-mongering.
You couldn't stop COVID or 9/11; certain things are designed to awaken people.
God allows things to take place because there's no urgency.
It's a spanking to get people to wake up from their apathy.
Lose sight of self and gain the Holy Ghost.
Wake up every day with the expectation that God's going to do the supernatural through you.
Like John G.
Lake, see yourself as a carrier of the anointing.
We have this treasure in earthen vessels.
Diana is my intercessor, my praying mama.
Let's take communion and believe for a miracle.
We're trying to shake you because there's an urgency.
Father, we want to be awake.
We thank You that You were wounded for our transgressions and by Your stripes we are healed.
Christ has redeemed us from the curse of the law.
We are redeemed from cancer, lack, diabetes, and all kinds of sickness.
We take this in remembrance of what You did.
We apply the blood of Jesus over our households and our minds.
No weapon formed against us shall prosper.
We say a thousand shall fall at our side, but it will not come near us.
The blood of Jesus covers us.
We confess our sins, and You are faithful to cleanse us.
We take this communion every day because we are one with Him.
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
He is still healing the sick and casting out devils through us.
Submit yourself to God, resist the devil, and he will flee.
He's not going to do any more about the devil for you; He already did it.
You must resist.
If you have bad dreams or tears in your marriage, plead the blood of Jesus.
Jesus is your attorney at the mercy seat, and Satan is the accuser.
When you are asked how you plead, say 'I plead the blood.
' His blood washes you white as snow and makes you innocent before the Father.
He paid the price for you and me on Calvary's tree.
Jesus is making intercession for you right now.
The only way to stand against the devil is by the blood of the Lamb and the word of our testimony.
None of us have enough good works; we all deserve hell, but it's by His blood we are free.
Christ redeemed us from the curse.
He became poor that we might be rich.
Poverty is a spiritual leprosy.
This communion is about relationship, not a religious act.
Father, Your face is all I seek.
[Music] Jesus, what a wonder You are.
You shine like the bright morning star.
Jesus, You're the sweetest name of all.
You always hear me when I call.
You lift me up each time I fall.
I believe in miracles; I've seen a soul set free.
Miraculous the change in one redeemed through Calvary.
I've seen the lily push its way up through the stubborn sod.
I believe in miracles, for I believe in God.
I sang that the other day and the glory filled our car.
A man started dancing in the road in front of us.
I expect miracles every day.
We pray this video blessed you.
We'll never ask you for money; the Lord said to preach the Gospel freely.
Don't fall for impersonators or scams.
We don't do crypto investments.
Subscribe and like to help the algorithm spread the Gospel.
We have new channels for many countries.
I'm believing the Iron Curtain will come down in North Korea and Kim Jong Un will be dealt with.
We must pray for those who cannot hear about Jesus.
Put a smile on your face; Jesus loves you.
God bless you all.
Bye-bye.